docs: add docs for agx files (#1017)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/experimental/sfc/index.md

</template>
```

> ## Using SFCs as Content Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using SFCs as Interactive Content Files
```

> You can also create content files with front matter within the `src/content` folder using the Analog SFC format by using the `.agx` extension instead of `.analog`. This provides an experience similar to `.mdx` for authoring content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also create content files with frontmatter within the `src/content` folder using the Analog SFC format by using the `.agx` extension instead of `.analog`. This provides an experience similar to MDX for authoring content:
```
